# WebJson
Use templates to convert JSON data to webpages.

## Usage Information
Create a directory to contain your source files.

Inside the directory create a `_includes` directory to contain your include files and a `_templates` directory to contain your template files.

Include and template files are referenced by name and must have the `.html` extension.

Include files are HTML code blocks that can be inserted into template files. Include files are included in template files using the following syntax: `[@include_name@]`.

Template files are HTML files that contain property references and include file references and are used to generate the final web page.

Properties are data contained in the JSON files that define the web pages to be generated. Properties are specified in the template files using the following syntax: `[{property_name}]`. A special property exists called `[{relative_path}]` which provides the relative path of the directory containing the JSON file being processed. Properties can contain URLs, text, and/or HTML.

JSON files are used to define the web pages that will be generated. JSON files use the `.json` extension. An example JSON file is as follows:
```json
{
  "template": "example_template",
  "property1": "This is what gets put in place of the property1 reference.",
  "property2": "[{relative_path}]images/test_image.png"
}
```

All files other than templates and includes must be in directories that do not start with `_`. JSON files will be processed to generate HTML pages that are put in the output directory and all other files will be simply copied to the output directory. The output directory will match the directory structure of the source directory.

Once the source directory is set up, the web site can be generated by calling `dotnet WebJson.dll <source directory> <output directory>` where source directory is the path to the source directory that was set up and output directory is the path to where the generated web site should be saved.

The `example_source` directory contains an example web site source directory.
